Update testing chapter to use Starknet Foundry output (#1007)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch10-01-how-to-write-tests.md

### The Anatomy of a Test Function

At its simplest, a test in Cairo is a function that’s annotated with the `#[test]` attribute. Attributes are metadata about pieces of Cairo code; one example is the `#[derive()]` attribute we used with structs in [Chapter 5](ch05-01-defining-and-instantiating-structs.md). To change a function into a test function, add `#[test]` on the line before `fn`. When you run your tests with the `scarb test` command, Scarb runs Cairo's test runner binary that runs the annotated functions and reports on whether each test function passes or fails.

> Let’s create a new project called _adder_ using Scarb with the command `scarb new adder`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a new project called _adder_ using Scarb with the command `scarb new adder`:
```

The example function body uses the `assert!` macro, which contains the result of adding 2 and 2, which equals 4. This assertion serves as an example of the format for a typical test. We'll explain in more detail how `assert!` works later in this chapter. Let’s run it to see that this test passes.

The `scarb test` command runs all tests found in our project, and shows the following output:

```shell

> $ scarb test

Reviewer: you need to use the `include` macro to refer to output files, like done in other places:

https://github.com/cairo-book/cairo-book/blob/fe1f24f977945abbdcb8c080d86d10136b1f7378/src/ch02-03-functions.md#L31-L33

The summary line is displayed at the end: overall, our test result is `FAILED`. We had one test pass and one test fail.

> Now that you���ve seen what the test results look like in different scenarios, let’s look at some functions that are useful in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've seen what the test results look like in different scenarios, let’s look at some functions that are useful in tests.
```

Run the tests again:

```shell

> {{#include ../listings/ch10-testing-cairo-programs/listing_10_04/output.txt}}

Reviewer: is this the right file? it's the same as the one above.

{{#include ../listings/ch10-testing-cairo-programs/no_listing_07_benchmark_gas/src/lib.cairo}}
```

The value printed when running `scarb test` is the amount of gas that was consumed by the benchmarked operation.

```shell
{{#include ../listings/ch10-testing-cairo-programs/no_listing_07_benchmark_gas/output.txt}}
```

> Here, the gas usage of the `sum_n` function is `80690` (decimal representation of the hex number). The total amount consumed by the test is slightly higher at `140100`, due to some extra steps required to run the entire test function. Review changes tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the gas usage of the `sum_n` function is `80690` (decimal representation of the hex number). The total amount consumed by the test is slightly higher at `140100`, due to some extra steps required to run the entire test function.
```

Author: ok ill make this change

Author: Done

{{#include ../listings/ch10-testing-cairo-programs/no_listing_07_benchmark_gas/src/lib.cairo}}
```

The value printed when running `scarb test` is the amount of gas that was consumed by the benchmarked operation.

```shell
$ scarb test
     Running test listing_08_01_02 (snforge test)
   Compiling snforge_scarb_plugin v0.31.0 (git+https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry.git?tag=v0.31.0#72ea785ca354e9e506de3e5d687da9fb2c1b3c67)
    Finished `release` profile [optimized] target(s) in 0.49s
   Compiling test(listing_08_01_02_unittest) listing_08_01_02 v0.1.0 (/Users/nathan/cairo-book/listings/ch10-testing-cairo-programs/listing_10_01/Scarb.toml)
    Finished `dev` profile target(s) in 8 seconds

Collected 2 test(s) from listing_08_01_02 package
Running 2 test(s) from src/
[PASS] listing_08_01_02::tests::it_works (gas: ~1)
[PASS] listing_08_01_02::other_tests::exploration (gas: ~1)
Tests: 2 passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped, 0 ignored, 0 filtered out
```

> Here, the gas usage of the `sum_n` function is `80690` (decimal representation of the hex number). The total amount consumed by the test is slightly higher at `140100`, due to some extra steps required to run the entire test function. Review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the gas usage of the `sum_n` function is `80690` (decimal representation of the hex number). The total amount consumed by the test is slightly higher at `140100`, due to some extra steps required to run the entire test function.
```
